hello guys this is an unboxing video of
my new gaming keyboard in fact this is
the first keyboard that I bought that
it's a gaming model is made by a4tech
and only features that are included with
this keyboard is the for soft rubber
keys the 12 OneTouch hot keys and the
keyboard included turning the box around
we see small advertising box for dx7
series gaming mouse so I forgot to
mention the model of the keyboard that
is KB 20g there's nothing fancy it's
just a simple people can have it here
and here hidden is the key and the
normal WASD Keys and this plastic tool
that's included it's a USB connected
keyboard I forgot to mention that here
we have a small menu
super easy to solve everybody also
tastes all us
the difficult to manage somehow
it's nice people very nice to you it's
not very noisy and for its price range
it's a very good keyboard I haven't
tried it I will do try I guess it's very
good for students because of these four
keys that are rubberized or something
like that and hotkeys the volume
stop etc and thanks for watching guys
this was the unboxing of a gaming
keyboard the producer is a four tank and
the model of this is let's see Jen the
mall is KB 20g so guys have a nice day
see in the next unboxing video bike